15-07-2024:
------
1.Design a html page that describes about python,java and c languages where each section is seperated by a line(use b,u or i frames when required).
2.Design a html page that describes about you and your team with a button for each that facilitates user to access your resumes.
3.Design a html page that consists of 5 hyperlinks that redirects to various products in an e-commerce application.
4.Design a html page that consists of five different mobiles images and the updated cost(use strike tag).
5.Design a html page with a table that consists details of your team.(like s.no,name,mobile,email,aadhar no,address)

17-07-2024
----------
1.Design a login page using html and css
2.Design a html page that consists of 3 divs elements describing 3 cars with different styles
3.Design a nav bar using bootstrap
4.Design a registration page using bootstrap
5.Design a team portfolio of 3 members of your team

22-07-2024
-----------
1.Design a html page with a html script that replaces existing paragraph with another paragraph.
2.Design a html page that generates an alert box on a button click.
3.Design a html page that has a button and the text on the button changes on a button click.
4.Design a html page that changes color of text on a button click.
5.Design a html page with an input box ,a button and a sample text.Write script in which the color entered in the input box is applied to the text on a buttom click

24-07-2024
------------
1.Design a html page with a button that toggles dark mode and light mode.
2.Design a html page with a button and a number that increments the value of that number on a button click.
3.Design a html page with two buttons in wich the first button increments the value and second button decrements the value not to negative values.
4.Design a html page that performs basic mathematical operations in which the input values are taken through two input boxes.
5.Design a html cart page with three items in it which calculates individual cost of that item on adding or removing that particular item and also calculate the overall cost dynamically.

29-07-2024
-----------
1.Design a html page with 10 paragraphs with same classname.Add colors to the paragraphs in which even numbered paragraphs are red in colour and remaining are green.
2.Design a html page with 4 paragraphs and add 4 different colours to the elements using getElementsBytagname.
3.Design a html page to perform basic mathematical operations(use addEventListener for js events)
4.Design a html page with a login form in which the login button changes its bgcolor and text colour on mouseenter and mouseleave.
5.Design a html page tht toggles dark mode and light mode on a button click(use addEventListener())

31-07-2024:
-----------
1.Write a java program to calculate the factorial of a number.
2.Write a java program to Check if a number is prime or not.
3.Write a java program to check if a number is palindrome or not.
4.Write a java program to to print perfect squares bwtween 1 to 500.
5.Write a java program to to print fibonacci series.

07-08-2024:
-----------
1.Create a class Person with attributes name, age, and address. Create a method displayDetails() to print these details. Create objects of Person class and call the displayDetails() method.
2.Create a class BankAccount with attributes accountNumber, balance, and methods deposit(), withdraw(), and checkBalance().
3.Create a program to count the number of vowels in a given string.
4.Create a StringBuffer object and demonstrate its use for appending and inserting characters.
5.Create overloaded methods to find the sum of two integers, two doubles, and three integers.

27-08-2024
-----------
1.Create a simple SpringBppt application to return a html [age that displays your name.
2.Create a SpringBoot application with two buttons login and signup which on click returns login and signup pages respectively.
3.Create a springBoot application that captures url arguments and display arguments in console.
4.Create a profile page with details like your_name,Roll_no,mobile,email,college and create and print them by sending the details using GET method.
5.Create a springBoot application to display your semester marks that are passed as parameters using GET method. 
